Pediatric Rootlets (#53)
ivadomed/model-spinal-rootlets: pediatric_rootlets/README.md

## Pediatric rootlets

This README provides instructions for running the model for **_ventral_ and dorsal rootlets** on pediatric data 

> and for generating a figure showing the rootlets and vertebral levels on the spinal cord. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and for generating a figure showing the rootlets and vertebral levels. 
```

### Description of 'pediatric_rootlets.sh' script
Script `pediatric_rootlets.sh` consists of the following steps:

>  1. segmentation of rootlets from T2w data (model model-spinal-rootlets_ventral_D106_r20240523),

Reviewer: add link to the r20240523 release

 2. segmentation of spinal cord from T2w data (contrast agnostic model)
 3. segmentation of vertebral levels from T2w data (`sct_label_vertebrae`)
 4. detection of PMJ from T2w data (`sct_detect_pmj`)

>  5. run `02a_rootlets_to_spinal_levels.py` for rootlets to spinal levels on pediatric data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 5. run `inter-rater_variability/02a_rootlets_to_spinal_levels.py` for rootlets to spinal levels on pediatric data
```

>  5. run `inter-rater_variability/02a_rootlets_to_spinal_levels.py` for rootlets to spinal levels on pediatric data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 5. run `inter-rater_variability/02a_rootlets_to_spinal_levels.py` to obtain spinal levels from rootlets
```

>  6. run `02a_rootlets_to_spinal_levels.py` for vertebrae to spinal levels on pediatric data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 6. run `inter-rater_variability/02a_rootlets_to_spinal_levels.py` for vertebrae to spinal levels on pediatric data 
```

>  6. run `pediatric_rootlets/discs_to_vertebral_levels.py` for disc to vertebral levels on pediatric data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 6. run `pediatric_rootlets/discs_to_vertebral_levels.py` to obtain vertebral levels from intervertebral discs 
```

> This script can be run by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pediatric_rootlets.sh` can be run across multiple subjects using the following command:

```

``````commandline
sct_run_batch -path-data /path/to/data/ -path-output /path/to/output -script pediatric_rootlets.sh
``````

### Description of 'generate_figure_rootlets_and_vertevral_spinal_levels.py' script
Script `generate_figure_rootlets_and_vertevral_spinal_levels.py` generates a figure showing the rootlets and 
vertebral levels on the spinal cord. 

> This script can be run by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script can be run the following command:

```
